docs/community/guide.md, before:

# Community Guidelines

This page documents some helpful tips that will maximise the value you get from (and bring to) our community. The guidelines here are not strict rules or requirements, but are highly encouraged to keep our community safe and cosy for everyone.

## Do not Argue with Staff

Our staff team consists of members who have been trusted with tools to help keep the community safe. But they are still human! We all make mistakes.

If you feel a staff decision was made in error or bad faith, do not argue directly with the team. Instead, fill out our [appeal form](/community/appeal) and we will review your case. Only Naomi has access to this form, and submissions will only be shared in the minimum capacity necessary to investigate and resolve the issue. Your name will not be associated with any revealed submission information.

## Tone Tags

One of the biggest disadvantages of text-based communication is the loss of context that provides the tone of the message. To help with this, we use tone tags as needed when the tone of a message might be misinterpreted.

We encourage you to use these tags as needed.

| Tag                    | Meaning                              |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------ |
| `/aff`                 | Affectionate                         |
| `/apa`                 | Apathetic                            |
| `/b`                   | Bitter                               |
| `/cel`                 | Celebratory                          |
| `/ci`                  | Caring Intent                        |
| `/cj`                  | Coping Joke                          |
| `/co` or `/cf`         | Comforting                           |
| `/ex`                  | Exaggeration                         |
| `/f`                   | fake                                 |
| `/fam`                 | Familial                             |
| `/fex`                 | for example                          |
| `/gen` or `/g`         | Genuine                              |
| `/genq` or `/gq`       | Genuine Question                     |
| `/gens` or `/gs`       | Genuine Suggestion                   |
| `/hj`                  | Half Joking                          |
| `/hyp`                 | Hyperbole                            |
| `/ij`                  | Inside Joke                          |
| `/info`                | Information                          |
| `/j`                   | Joking                               |
| `/jov`                 | Jokingly Overreacting                |
| `/l`, `/ly` or `/lyr`  | Lyrics                               |
| `/lh`                  | Lighthearted                         |
| `/li` or `/lit`        | Literally                            |
| `/lu`                  | Little Upset                         |
| `/m`                   | Metaphorically                       |
| `/md`                  | Melodramatic                         |
| `/nav`                 | Not A Vent                           |
| `/nay`                 | Not At You                           |
| `/nbh`                 | Nobody Here (for vague venting only) |
| `/nbr`                 | Not Being Rude                       |
| `/nc` or `/neg`        | Negative connotation                 |
| `/ncm`                 | Not Comparing                        |
| `/neu`                 | Neutral connotation                  |
| `/nf`                  | Not Forced                           |
| `/nm`                  | Not Mad (or upset)                   |
| `/np`                  | No Pressure                          |
| `/npa`                 | Not Passive Aggressive               |
| `/nsx` or `/nx`        | Non Sexual Intent                    |
| `/ny`                  | Not Yelling                          |
| `/op`                  | Optional                             |
| `/ot`                  | Off Topic                            |
| `/p` or `/plat`        | Platonic                             |
| `/pc` or `/pos`        | Positive connotation                 |
| `/q`                   | Quote                                |
| `/ref`                 | Reference                            |
| `/rh`, `/rt` or `/rhq` | Rhetorical Question                  |
| `/s` or `/sar`         | Sarcastic                            |
| `/srs`                 | Serious                              |
| `/sym`                 | Sympathetic                          |
| `/t`                   | Teasing                              |
| `/tc`, `/ti` or `/tic` | Typing a tic                         |

## Pronouns

You are encouraged to display your pronouns in your platform bio (or use the roles in our Discord community). Doing this not only helps others know how to refer to you, but also helps normalise the practice of sharing pronouns.

By normalising that practice, we fight against the assumption that only trans folk share their pronouns, which makes our community safer for trans folk to do so without implicitly outing themselves.

## Topics to Avoid

Members who are under 18 (but still at or above the minimum age for their country) are gladly welcomed within our community. As such, our Code of Conduct prohibits explicit material.

However, we also encourage you to avoid topics that might be too heavy or heated. Some examples might be conversations about politics or religion.

Such topics are not specifically prohibited, because they _can_ be discussed in a civil and friendly manner so that everyone enjoys the conversation. But these topics are more aggressively moderated by our team to ensure our community vibes remain healthy.

## Profanity

While we do not prohibit profanity, we do encourage you to use language that would be appropriate for a professional setting. This is because we have members of all ages, and we want to ensure that everyone feels comfortable in our community.

Our Discord community has auto-moderation that will block profanity. Long term members may be given a role that allows this - we base our decision on the frequency of use and the context in which the words are used.

Commit message:

feat: add information about plural systems

docs/community/guide.md, after:

# Community Guidelines

This page documents some helpful tips that will maximise the value you get from (and bring to) our community. The guidelines here are not strict rules or requirements, but are highly encouraged to keep our community safe and cosy for everyone.

## Do not Argue with Staff

Our staff team consists of members who have been trusted with tools to help keep the community safe. But they are still human! We all make mistakes.

If you feel a staff decision was made in error or bad faith, do not argue directly with the team. Instead, fill out our [appeal form](/community/appeal) and we will review your case. Only Naomi has access to this form, and submissions will only be shared in the minimum capacity necessary to investigate and resolve the issue. Your name will not be associated with any revealed submission information.

## Plural Systems

Plural systems are more than welcome in our community. Please do not pressure someone to reveal information about one of their alters, or attempt to discover who used Melody's plural proxying.

Systems are welcome to disclose whatever information they want about their alters.

## Tone Tags

One of the biggest disadvantages of text-based communication is the loss of context that provides the tone of the message. To help with this, we use tone tags as needed when the tone of a message might be misinterpreted.

We encourage you to use these tags as needed.

| Tag                    | Meaning                              |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------ |
| `/aff`                 | Affectionate                         |
| `/apa`                 | Apathetic                            |
| `/b`                   | Bitter                               |
| `/cel`                 | Celebratory                          |
| `/ci`                  | Caring Intent                        |
| `/cj`                  | Coping Joke                          |
| `/co` or `/cf`         | Comforting                           |
| `/ex`                  | Exaggeration                         |
| `/f`                   | fake                                 |
| `/fam`                 | Familial                             |
| `/fex`                 | for example                          |
| `/gen` or `/g`         | Genuine                              |
| `/genq` or `/gq`       | Genuine Question                     |
| `/gens` or `/gs`       | Genuine Suggestion                   |
| `/hj`                  | Half Joking                          |
| `/hyp`                 | Hyperbole                            |
| `/ij`                  | Inside Joke                          |
| `/info`                | Information                          |
| `/j`                   | Joking                               |
| `/jov`                 | Jokingly Overreacting                |
| `/l`, `/ly` or `/lyr`  | Lyrics                               |
| `/lh`                  | Lighthearted                         |
| `/li` or `/lit`        | Literally                            |
| `/lu`                  | Little Upset                         |
| `/m`                   | Metaphorically                       |
| `/md`                  | Melodramatic                         |
| `/nav`                 | Not A Vent                           |
| `/nay`                 | Not At You                           |
| `/nbh`                 | Nobody Here (for vague venting only) |
| `/nbr`                 | Not Being Rude                       |
| `/nc` or `/neg`        | Negative connotation                 |
| `/ncm`                 | Not Comparing                        |
| `/neu`                 | Neutral connotation                  |
| `/nf`                  | Not Forced                           |
| `/nm`                  | Not Mad (or upset)                   |
| `/np`                  | No Pressure                          |
| `/npa`                 | Not Passive Aggressive               |
| `/nsx` or `/nx`        | Non Sexual Intent                    |
| `/ny`                  | Not Yelling                          |
| `/op`                  | Optional                             |
| `/ot`                  | Off Topic                            |
| `/p` or `/plat`        | Platonic                             |
| `/pc` or `/pos`        | Positive connotation                 |
| `/q`                   | Quote                                |
| `/ref`                 | Reference                            |
| `/rh`, `/rt` or `/rhq` | Rhetorical Question                  |
| `/s` or `/sar`         | Sarcastic                            |
| `/srs`                 | Serious                              |
| `/sym`                 | Sympathetic                          |
| `/t`                   | Teasing                              |
| `/tc`, `/ti` or `/tic` | Typing a tic                         |

## Pronouns

You are encouraged to display your pronouns in your platform bio (or use the roles in our Discord community). Doing this not only helps others know how to refer to you, but also helps normalise the practice of sharing pronouns.

By normalising that practice, we fight against the assumption that only trans folk share their pronouns, which makes our community safer for trans folk to do so without implicitly outing themselves.

## Topics to Avoid

Members who are under 18 (but still at or above the minimum age for their country) are gladly welcomed within our community. As such, our Code of Conduct prohibits explicit material.

However, we also encourage you to avoid topics that might be too heavy or heated. Some examples might be conversations about politics or religion.

Such topics are not specifically prohibited, because they _can_ be discussed in a civil and friendly manner so that everyone enjoys the conversation. But these topics are more aggressively moderated by our team to ensure our community vibes remain healthy.

## Profanity

While we do not prohibit profanity, we do encourage you to use language that would be appropriate for a professional setting. This is because we have members of all ages, and we want to ensure that everyone feels comfortable in our community.

Our Discord community has auto-moderation that will block profanity. Long term members may be given a role that allows this - we base our decision on the frequency of use and the context in which the words are used.
