docs/community/melody.md, before:

# Melody Iuvo

You may see Melody in our Discord, or responding to issues on GitHub. Melody is a bot, and she serves as our community assistant.

## GitHub

On GitHub, Melody handles the automatic invitation flow for new organisation members.

## Discord

Melody is much more full featured on Discord. She has a number of commands that you can use to interact with the community.

### Assets

All of Naomi's assets can be accessed through Melody. These assets are provided as reference (for things like fan art or commissions).

> [!WARNING]
> Assets may not be repurposed or redistributed without prior permission from Naomi.

These commands are under `/assets`.

### Currency System

Melody manages our community's currency system. This system grants you NaomiCoin for sending messages and interacting with your fellow members. You can use these NaomiCoin to purchase special items, such as a custom colour role or the ability to set Naomi's avatar. You can also gamble for more coin through the slots!

These commands are under `/currency`.

### Frequently Asked Questions

For help with navigating our community, we created a FAQ system with common questions we see. Questions are mainly examples of "Where do I do X?" or "How do I do Y?".

Questions may be added and edited through [GitHub](https://github.com/naomis-novas/melody-iuvo/blob/main/src/config/Faq.ts).

These commands are under `/faq`.

### Fun Commands

There are a couple of commands related to Naomi, which are added just for fun. You can ask Naomi anonymous questions, or generate a quote image with her avatar.

These commands are under `/naomi`.

### Ticket System

Melody also handles the private support ticket system. If you need to create a private discussion with our team, use the Open a Ticket button found in the `#our-work` channel.

Commit message:

feat: add information about plural systems (#72)

docs/community/melody.md, after:

# Melody Iuvo

You may see Melody in our Discord, or responding to issues on GitHub. Melody is a bot, and she serves as our community assistant.

## GitHub

On GitHub, Melody handles the automatic invitation flow for new organisation members.

## Discord

Melody is much more full featured on Discord. She has a number of commands that you can use to interact with the community.

### Assets

All of Naomi's assets can be accessed through Melody. These assets are provided as reference (for things like fan art or commissions).

> [!WARNING]
> Assets may not be repurposed or redistributed without prior permission from Naomi.

These commands are under `/assets`.

### Currency System

Melody manages our community's currency system. This system grants you NaomiCoin for sending messages and interacting with your fellow members. You can use these NaomiCoin to purchase special items, such as a custom colour role or the ability to set Naomi's avatar. You can also gamble for more coin through the slots!

These commands are under `/currency`.

### Frequently Asked Questions

For help with navigating our community, we created a FAQ system with common questions we see. Questions are mainly examples of "Where do I do X?" or "How do I do Y?".

Questions may be added and edited through [GitHub](https://github.com/naomis-novas/melody-iuvo/blob/main/src/config/Faq.ts).

These commands are under `/faq`.

### Fun Commands

There are a couple of commands related to Naomi, which are added just for fun. You can ask Naomi anonymous questions, or generate a quote image with her avatar.

These commands are under `/naomi`.

### Plural Systems

Melody allows you to proxy your messages much like PluralKit or Tupperbox. You can set up identities for your alters, configure a prefix, and choose an avatar. You can also set up auto-proxying.

These commands are under `/plural`.

### Ticket System

Melody also handles the private support ticket system. If you need to create a private discussion with our team, use the Open a Ticket button found in the `#our-work` channel.
