docs/projects/discord-message-counter/privacy.md, before:

# Privacy Policy

The use of this application is subject to this Privacy Policy. By using this application, you agree to the collection and use of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Data Collected

In order to operate, the application collects and stores the following data:

- Discord server ID: The application stores the Discord server ID to associate database records with specific Discord servers.
- Discord user ID: The application stores your discord user ID to associate the database record with your account.
- Discord user tag: The application stores your user tag (e.g. nhcarrigan#0001) to provide a human-readable connection between your Discord account and your database record.
- Messages: The application stores a numerical count of the messages you have sent in the server. The bot does **not** store any content from those messages.
- Timestamp: The application stores the timestamp of one of your recent messages, used in the cooldown system to prevent spam.

## Right to Request Data

At any time, you may request a complete copy of your data stored by the application. Requests must be done via our [support server](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com) from the Discord account the data belongs to. This ensures that a user cannot impersonate you and request your data.

## Right to Removal

At any time, you may request complete removal of your stored data. Requests must be done via our [support server](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com) from the Discord account the data belongs to. This ensures that a user cannot impersonate you and request your data. This will **not** opt you out of future data collection unless specifically requested.

## Right to Opt Out

At any time, you may request to opt out of data collection for this application. Requests must be done via our [support server](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com) from the Discord account the data belongs to. This ensures that a user cannot impersonate you and request your data. Note that opting out of data collection may prevent you from interacting with the application.

## Data Retention

Data is stored for the minimum necessary time to ensure the application is able to function.

## Availability of Data

Data is available to members of the development team, for the express purpose of debugging, improving, and contributing to the application.

Data is also available to authorised users via a `display` command. Those authorised users are public, and their Discord IDs may be viewed [in the source code](https://github.com/nhcarrigan/discord-message-counter/blob/main/src/config/AuthorisedManagers.ts).

## Questions

Questions and concerns regarding this privacy policy may be directed to `privacy@nhcarrigan.com`.

Commit message:

feat: add warning about errors

docs/projects/discord-message-counter/privacy.md, after:

# Privacy Policy

> [!DANGER]
> In the spirit of open source, errors are logged publicly in our Discord community. These logs may include information relevant to the error in question.
>
> We encourage you to [join our Discord](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com) to see what is logged PRIOR to using our applications.

The use of this application is subject to this Privacy Policy. By using this application, you agree to the collection and use of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Data Collected

In order to operate, the application collects and stores the following data:

- Discord server ID: The application stores the Discord server ID to associate database records with specific Discord servers.
- Discord user ID: The application stores your discord user ID to associate the database record with your account.
- Discord user tag: The application stores your user tag (e.g. nhcarrigan#0001) to provide a human-readable connection between your Discord account and your database record.
- Messages: The application stores a numerical count of the messages you have sent in the server. The bot does **not** store any content from those messages.
- Timestamp: The application stores the timestamp of one of your recent messages, used in the cooldown system to prevent spam.

## Right to Request Data

At any time, you may request a complete copy of your data stored by the application. Requests must be done via our [support server](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com) from the Discord account the data belongs to. This ensures that a user cannot impersonate you and request your data.

## Right to Removal

At any time, you may request complete removal of your stored data. Requests must be done via our [support server](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com) from the Discord account the data belongs to. This ensures that a user cannot impersonate you and request your data. This will **not** opt you out of future data collection unless specifically requested.

## Right to Opt Out

At any time, you may request to opt out of data collection for this application. Requests must be done via our [support server](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com) from the Discord account the data belongs to. This ensures that a user cannot impersonate you and request your data. Note that opting out of data collection may prevent you from interacting with the application.

## Data Retention

Data is stored for the minimum necessary time to ensure the application is able to function.

## Availability of Data

Data is available to members of the development team, for the express purpose of debugging, improving, and contributing to the application.

Data is also available to authorised users via a `display` command. Those authorised users are public, and their Discord IDs may be viewed [in the source code](https://github.com/nhcarrigan/discord-message-counter/blob/main/src/config/AuthorisedManagers.ts).

## Questions

Questions and concerns regarding this privacy policy may be directed to `privacy@nhcarrigan.com`.
