docs/projects/inspiration-bot/privacy.md, before:

# Privacy Policy

The use of this application is subject to this Privacy Policy. By using this application, you agree to the collection and use of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Data Collected

In order to operate, the application collects and stores the following data:

- Discord server ID: The application stores the Discord server ID to associate database records with specific Discord servers.
- Discord channel ID: The application stores the Discord channel ID to know where to send the daily message.
- Time: The application stores the specific hour that a server sets for the daily message.

## Right to Request Data

As no user data is stored, no requests to view data are necessary.

## Right to Removal

A server may request removal of their data via our [support server](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com).

## Right to Opt Out

Individual users may not opt out of data collection, as no user data is collected. A server may opt out by removing the bot.

## Data Retention

Data is stored for the minimum necessary time to ensure the application is able to function.

## Availability of Data

Data is available to members of the development team, for the express purpose of debugging, improving, and contributing to the application.

## Questions

Questions and concerns regarding this privacy policy may be directed to `privacy@nhcarrigan.com`.

Commit message:

feat: massive update to documentation (#84)
* chore: remove archived projects

* feat: add warning about errors

* feat(docs): update all documentation

* feat: update navbar

* fix: rename file

* feat: add placeholder files where necessary

* feat: navbar again

docs/projects/inspiration-bot/privacy.md, after:

# Privacy Policy

> [!DANGER]
> In the spirit of open source, errors are logged publicly in our Discord community. These logs may include information relevant to the error in question.
>
> We encourage you to [join our Discord](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com) to see what is logged PRIOR to using our applications.

The use of this application is subject to this Privacy Policy. By using this application, you agree to the collection and use of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Data Collected

In order to operate, the application collects and stores the following data:

- Discord server ID: The application stores the Discord server ID to associate database records with specific Discord servers.
- Discord channel ID: The application stores the Discord channel ID to know where to send the daily message.
- Time: The application stores the specific hour that a server sets for the daily message.

## Right to Request Data

As no user data are stored, no requests to view data are necessary.

## Right to Removal

A server may request removal of their data via our [support server](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com).

## Right to Opt Out

Individual users may not opt out of data collection, as no user data are collected. A server may opt out by removing the bot.

## Data Retention

Data are stored for the minimum necessary time to ensure the application is able to function.

## Availability of Data

Data are available to members of the development team, for the express purpose of debugging, improving, and contributing to the application.

## Questions

Questions and concerns regarding this privacy policy may be directed to `privacy@nhcarrigan.com`.
