docs/projects/discord-verification-bot/privacy.md, before:

# Privacy Policy

The use of this application is subject to this Privacy Policy. By using this application, you agree to the collection and use of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Data Collected

In order to operate, the application collects and stores the following data:

- Discord server ID: The application stores the Discord server ID to associate database records with specific Discord servers.
- Verification Details: The application stores the configured verification question, answers, and role to assign.

## Right to Request Data

A server owner may request to view the data via our [support server](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com).

## Right to Removal

A server owner may request removal of data by kicking the bot from the server, or reaching out to our support team in [our support server](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com).

## Right to OptOut

As no user information is collected, individual users do not have an opt out process. Servers may opt out of data collection by removing the bot.

## Data Retention

Data is stored for the minimum necessary time to ensure the application is able to function.

## Availability of Data

Data is available to members of the development team, for the express purpose of debugging, improving, and contributing to the application.

## Questions

Questions and concerns regarding this privacy policy may be directed to `privacy@nhcarrigan.com`.

Commit message:

feat: add warning about errors

docs/projects/discord-verification-bot/privacy.md, after:

# Privacy Policy

> [!DANGER]
> In the spirit of open source, errors are logged publicly in our Discord community. These logs may include information relevant to the error in question.
>
> We encourage you to [join our Discord](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com) to see what is logged PRIOR to using our applications.

The use of this application is subject to this Privacy Policy. By using this application, you agree to the collection and use of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Data Collected

In order to operate, the application collects and stores the following data:

- Discord server ID: The application stores the Discord server ID to associate database records with specific Discord servers.
- Verification Details: The application stores the configured verification question, answers, and role to assign.

## Right to Request Data

A server owner may request to view the data via our [support server](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com).

## Right to Removal

A server owner may request removal of data by kicking the bot from the server, or reaching out to our support team in [our support server](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com).

## Right to OptOut

As no user information is collected, individual users do not have an opt out process. Servers may opt out of data collection by removing the bot.

## Data Retention

Data is stored for the minimum necessary time to ensure the application is able to function.

## Availability of Data

Data is available to members of the development team, for the express purpose of debugging, improving, and contributing to the application.

## Questions

Questions and concerns regarding this privacy policy may be directed to `privacy@nhcarrigan.com`.
