docs/contributing.md, before:

# Contributing

> [!TIP]
> This document provides a high-level overview of contributing to our projects. Check with each project's repository for more specific instructions, if needed.

Please ensure all pull requests and contributions comply with the [Developer Certificate of Origin](https://developercertificate.org/).

## Setting Up Your Code

First, fork the repository to your own account. Then use `git clone <url>` to bring your forked repository down to your local machine (remember to get the URL for _your_ repository, not the original). Optionally, use `git remote add upstream <url>` to add the original repository as the upstream (this is helpful for keeping your fork up-to-date).

## Claiming an Issue

All of our issues are open to contributors! If you see an open issue you would like to work on, please comment on the issue so we may assign it to you.

> [!NOTE]
> Assigned issues that have not had any activity in a week will be unassigned.

If an issue is already assigned, please look for another issue to contribute to.We use labels to help categorise issues:

- `good first issue` - These issues require minimal familiarity with our codebase. Please reserve these for first-time contributors.
- `help wanted` - These issues are open to any contributors.
- `staff only` - These issues are locked to project members/collaborators. Pull requests on these issues will not be accepted from outside contributors.

## Working on your issue

Before starting work, we highly recommend ensuring that your forked version is up to date. If you set the `upstream` as mentioned in [Setting Up Your Code](#setting-up-your-code), run these commands in your terminal (with the terminal pointed at the root directory of your local files):

- `git fetch upstream` - this gets the current state of the original repo, without pulling down the changes to your local machine.
- `git reset --hard upstream/main` - this resets the state of your local files to match the current state of the original repo.
- `git push -f` - this forces the changes to your forked repo (thus making it match the original)

> [!NOTE]
> You will lose any changes you are currently working on. Do this with care.

Next, use `git checkout -b <branchname>` to create a new branch for your work. It's always a good idea to avoid committing changes directly to your `main` branch - this keeps it clean and avoids errors when updating (above).

Branch names should follow a convention of `scope/issue?/description` where:

- `scope` is the nature of the changes (eg. `feat` for a new feature, or `docs` for documentation update). This should match the scope of the related issue.
- `issue` is the _number_ for the related issue you're addressing.
- `description` is a brief description of your changes, such as `update-contribs` for updating the contributing guidelines.

Now you are free to work on your code! When you are satisfied with your changes, you can commit them with `git commit -s -m "message"`, where:

- `-s` flag signs the commit, to verify the connection with your GitHub account.
- `-m` flag sets up the commit message.
- `message` is the commit message: a brief (50 character max) message describing what the commit changes.

## Testing Changes

Many of our projects will have continuous integration (CI) checks that run on a pull request. To ensure your changes will pass, you can often test these locally.

If the project has a `package.json` file, check for the following entries in the `scripts` property:

- `build` - Running `npm run build` will confirm that a project successfully compiles. This is common in our TypeScript projects.
- `lint` - Running `npm run lint` will ensure that the code style is correct.
- `start` - Running `npm start` will confirm that the project boots up successfully.
- `test` - Running `npm test` will ensure that the unit and functional tests all pass.

You can also check the `.github/workflows` directory for `.yml` files. These files will describe the actual CI checks that run on your pull request.

Ensuring these checks pass **before** submitting a pull request will streamline our review process.

## Submitting a Pull Request

Once you have all of your changes made and committed, you can push them to your forked repository! Use `git push -u origin <branchname>`, where:

- `-u` tells `git` to set the upstream (see below)
- `origin` tells `git` to push to your fork
- `branchname` tells `git` to push to a branch - this MUST match the name of the branch you created locally.

> [!NOTE]
> By setting the upstream, any subsequent `push` commands can be done with `git push`, and it will be pushed to the same branch.

Now you can open the pull request! You should see a quick option to do so appear at the top of your repository on GitHub. Click the "Pull Request" button to have GitHub automatically set up the pull request.

First, change the title of the pull request to match your branch name (following the conventions above!). Then, follow the instructions in the preset Pull Request template (make sure to complete any steps listed!).

Congratulations! You've submitted your first pull request! We will review it as quickly as possible, so keep an eye out for approvals (or requested changes).

## Pull Request Reviews

All pull requests require a review before being merged. Most reviews will come from Naomi, but some projects may have additional staff who can submit reviews.

If your pull request is approved, it will be merged and deployed depending on the project's deployment schedule and pipeline.

If your pull request requires additional changes or information, we ask that you apply the changes promptly. Contributions with outstanding change requests that receive no activity within a week will be closed as stale.

## Other Contributions

If you aren't comfortable with the codebase, or would like to contribute in other ways, we have options for that!

- Documentation Updates: You are always welcome to update our documentation (like this file!) if you see any typos or anything that can be clarified.
- Feature Requests: If you have ideas for new features or improvements, feel free to open an issue!
- Bug Reports: We rely on our users to help identify bugs - if you see something wrong, please let us know with an issue!

Commit message:

docs: add issue finder link (#11)
* docs: add issue finder link

Signed-off-by: takanome_dev <takanomedev221@gmail.com>

* revert: formatting

Co-authored-by: Naomi Carrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

docs/contributing.md, after:

# Contributing

> [!TIP]
> This document provides a high-level overview of contributing to our projects. Check with each project's repository for more specific instructions, if needed.

Looking for an issue to work on? Check out our [issue finder](https://contribute.nhcarrigan.com)!

Please ensure all pull requests and contributions comply with the [Developer Certificate of Origin](https://developercertificate.org/).

## Setting Up Your Code

First, fork the repository to your own account. Then use `git clone <url>` to bring your forked repository down to your local machine (remember to get the URL for _your_ repository, not the original). Optionally, use `git remote add upstream <url>` to add the original repository as the upstream (this is helpful for keeping your fork up-to-date).

## Claiming an Issue

All of our issues are open to contributors! If you see an open issue you would like to work on, please comment on the issue so we may assign it to you.

> [!NOTE]
> Assigned issues that have not had any activity in a week will be unassigned.

If an issue is already assigned, please look for another issue to contribute to.We use labels to help categorise issues:

- `good first issue` - These issues require minimal familiarity with our codebase. Please reserve these for first-time contributors.
- `help wanted` - These issues are open to any contributors.
- `staff only` - These issues are locked to project members/collaborators. Pull requests on these issues will not be accepted from outside contributors.

## Working on your issue

Before starting work, we highly recommend ensuring that your forked version is up to date. If you set the `upstream` as mentioned in [Setting Up Your Code](#setting-up-your-code), run these commands in your terminal (with the terminal pointed at the root directory of your local files):

- `git fetch upstream` - this gets the current state of the original repo, without pulling down the changes to your local machine.
- `git reset --hard upstream/main` - this resets the state of your local files to match the current state of the original repo.
- `git push -f` - this forces the changes to your forked repo (thus making it match the original)

> [!NOTE]
> You will lose any changes you are currently working on. Do this with care.

Next, use `git checkout -b <branchname>` to create a new branch for your work. It's always a good idea to avoid committing changes directly to your `main` branch - this keeps it clean and avoids errors when updating (above).

Branch names should follow a convention of `scope/issue?/description` where:

- `scope` is the nature of the changes (eg. `feat` for a new feature, or `docs` for documentation update). This should match the scope of the related issue.
- `issue` is the _number_ for the related issue you're addressing.
- `description` is a brief description of your changes, such as `update-contribs` for updating the contributing guidelines.

Now you are free to work on your code! When you are satisfied with your changes, you can commit them with `git commit -s -m "message"`, where:

- `-s` flag signs the commit, to verify the connection with your GitHub account.
- `-m` flag sets up the commit message.
- `message` is the commit message: a brief (50 character max) message describing what the commit changes.

## Testing Changes

Many of our projects will have continuous integration (CI) checks that run on a pull request. To ensure your changes will pass, you can often test these locally.

If the project has a `package.json` file, check for the following entries in the `scripts` property:

- `build` - Running `npm run build` will confirm that a project successfully compiles. This is common in our TypeScript projects.
- `lint` - Running `npm run lint` will ensure that the code style is correct.
- `start` - Running `npm start` will confirm that the project boots up successfully.
- `test` - Running `npm test` will ensure that the unit and functional tests all pass.

You can also check the `.github/workflows` directory for `.yml` files. These files will describe the actual CI checks that run on your pull request.

Ensuring these checks pass **before** submitting a pull request will streamline our review process.

## Submitting a Pull Request

Once you have all of your changes made and committed, you can push them to your forked repository! Use `git push -u origin <branchname>`, where:

- `-u` tells `git` to set the upstream (see below)
- `origin` tells `git` to push to your fork
- `branchname` tells `git` to push to a branch - this MUST match the name of the branch you created locally.

> [!NOTE]
> By setting the upstream, any subsequent `push` commands can be done with `git push`, and it will be pushed to the same branch.

Now you can open the pull request! You should see a quick option to do so appear at the top of your repository on GitHub. Click the "Pull Request" button to have GitHub automatically set up the pull request.

First, change the title of the pull request to match your branch name (following the conventions above!). Then, follow the instructions in the preset Pull Request template (make sure to complete any steps listed!).

Congratulations! You've submitted your first pull request! We will review it as quickly as possible, so keep an eye out for approvals (or requested changes).

## Pull Request Reviews

All pull requests require a review before being merged. Most reviews will come from Naomi, but some projects may have additional staff who can submit reviews.

If your pull request is approved, it will be merged and deployed depending on the project's deployment schedule and pipeline.

If your pull request requires additional changes or information, we ask that you apply the changes promptly. Contributions with outstanding change requests that receive no activity within a week will be closed as stale.

## Other Contributions

If you aren't comfortable with the codebase, or would like to contribute in other ways, we have options for that!

- Documentation Updates: You are always welcome to update our documentation (like this file!) if you see any typos or anything that can be clarified.
- Feature Requests: If you have ideas for new features or improvements, feel free to open an issue!
- Bug Reports: We rely on our users to help identify bugs - if you see something wrong, please let us know with an issue!
