docs/projects/ama-bot/privacy.md, before:

# Privacy Policy

The use of this application is subject to this Privacy Policy. By using this application, you agree to the collection and use of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Data Collected

In order to operate, the application collects and stores the following data:

- Discord server ID: The application stores the Discord server ID to associate database records with specific Discord servers.
- Question Channel ID: The channel ID where you want the bot to post submitted questions.
- Enabled State: Whether or not you are accepting AMA submissions at this time.

## Right to Request Data

At any time, you may request a complete copy of your data stored by the application. Requests must be done via our [support server](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com) from the Discord account the data belongs to. This ensures that a user cannot impersonate you and request your data.

## Right to Removal

At any time, you may request complete removal of your stored data. Requests must be done via our [support server](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com) from the Discord account the data belongs to. This ensures that a user cannot impersonate you and request your data. This will **not** opt you out of future data collection unless specifically requested.

## Right to Opt Out

At any time, you may request to opt out of data collection for this application. To opt out, remove the bot from your server.

## Data Retention

Data is stored for the minimum necessary time to ensure the application is able to function.

## Availability of Data

Data is available to members of the development team, for the express purpose of debugging, improving, and contributing to the application.

## Questions

Questions and concerns regarding this privacy policy may be directed to `privacy@nhcarrigan.com`.

Commit message:

feat: massive update to documentation (#84)
* chore: remove archived projects

* feat: add warning about errors

* feat(docs): update all documentation

* feat: update navbar

* fix: rename file

* feat: add placeholder files where necessary

* feat: navbar again

docs/projects/ama-bot/privacy.md, after:

# Privacy Policy

> [!DANGER]
> In the spirit of open source, errors are logged publicly in our Discord community. These logs may include information relevant to the error in question.
>
> We encourage you to [join our Discord](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com) to see what is logged PRIOR to using our applications.

The use of this application is subject to this Privacy Policy. By using this application, you agree to the collection and use of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Data Collected

In order to operate, the application collects and stores the following data:

- Discord server ID: The application stores the Discord server ID to associate database records with specific Discord servers.
- Question Channel ID: The channel ID where you want the bot to post submitted questions.
- Enabled State: Whether or not you are accepting AMA submissions at this time.

## Right to Request Data

At any time, you may request a complete copy of your data stored by the application. Requests must be done via our [support server](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com) from the Discord account the data belongs to. This ensures that a user cannot impersonate you and request your data.

## Right to Removal

At any time, you may request complete removal of your stored data. Requests must be done via our [support server](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com) from the Discord account the data belongs to. This ensures that a user cannot impersonate you and request your data. This will **not** opt you out of future data collection unless specifically requested.

## Right to Opt Out

At any time, you may request to opt out of data collection for this application. To opt out, remove the bot from your server.

## Data Retention

Data are stored for the minimum necessary time to ensure the application is able to function.

## Availability of Data

Data are available to members of the development team, for the express purpose of debugging, improving, and contributing to the application.

## Questions

Questions and concerns regarding this privacy policy may be directed to `privacy@nhcarrigan.com`.
